[android] New About screen (#4439)
organicmaps/organicmaps: data/strings/strings.txt

    sv = Om Organic Maps
    th = เกี่ยวกับ Organic Maps
    tr = Organic Maps Hakkında
    uk = Про Organic Maps
    vi = Giới thiệu về Organic Maps
    zh-Hans = 关于 Organic Maps
    zh-Hant = 關於 Organic Maps

  [about_headline]
    tags = android
    comment = Text in About screen
    en = Free for everyone, made with love
    ar = مجاني للجميع ، مصنوع من الحب
    be = Бясплатна для ўсіх, зробленыя з любоўю
    bg = Безплатно за всички, направени с любов
    cs = Zdarma pro všechny, vyrobené s láskou
    da = Gratis for alle, lavet med kærlighed
    de = Kostenlos für alle, mit Liebe gemacht
    el = Δωρεάν για όλους, φτιαγμένα με αγάπη
    es = Gratis para todos, hecho con amor
    fa = رایگان برای همه ، ساخته شده با عشق
    fi = Ilmainen kaikille, tehty rakkaudella
    fr = Gratuit pour tout le monde, fait avec amour
    he = חינם לכולם, מיוצרים באהבה
    hu = Ingyenes mindenkinek, szeretettel készítve
    id = Gratis untuk semua orang, dibuat dengan cinta
    it = Gratis per tutti, fatto con amore
    ja = すべての人のために無料で、愛を込めて作られています
    ko = 사랑으로 만든 모든 사람에게 무료
    nb = Gratis for alle, laget med kjærlighet
    nl = Gratis voor iedereen, gemaakt met liefde

>     pl = Darmowe dla wszystkich, wykonane z miłością

Reviewer: Darmowa dla wszystkich, wykonana z miłością

    pt = Grátis para todos, feito com amor
    pt-BR = Grátis para todos, feito com amor
    ro = Gratuit pentru toată lumea, făcut cu dragoste
    ru = Бесплатно для всех, сделано с любовью
    sk = Zadarmo pre každého, vyrobený s láskou
    sv = Gratis för alla, gjorda med kärlek
    sw = Bure kwa kila mtu, iliyotengenezwa na upendo
    th = ฟรีสำหรับทุกคนทำด้วยความรัก
    tr = Herkes için ücretsiz, aşkla yapılmış

>     uk = Безкоштовно для всіх, зроблене з любові

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    uk = Безкоштовно для всіх, зроблене з любов'ю
```

    en = • No ads, no tracking, no data collection
    ar = • لا إعلانات ، لا تتبع ، لا جمع البيانات
    be = • Ніякіх аб'яў, ні адсочвання, ні збору дадзеных
    bg = • Без реклами, без проследяване, без събиране на данни
    cs = • Žádné reklamy, žádné sledování, žádné sběr dat
    da = • Ingen annoncer, ingen sporing, ingen dataindsamling
    de = • Keine Anzeigen, keine Verfolgung, keine Datenerfassung
    el = • Δεν υπάρχουν διαφημίσεις, χωρίς παρακολούθηση, χωρίς συλλογή δεδομένων
    es = • Sin anuncios, sin seguimiento, sin recopilación de datos
    fa = • بدون تبلیغات ، ردیابی ، جمع آوری داده ها
    fi = • Ei mainoksia, ei seurantaa, ei tiedonkeruua
    fr = • Pas d'annonces, pas de suivi, pas de collecte de données
    he = • אין מודעות, ללא מעקב, ללא איסוף נתונים
    hu = • Nincs hirdetés, nincs nyomon követés, nincs adatgyűjtés
    id = • Tidak ada iklan, tidak ada pelacakan, tidak ada pengumpulan data
    it = • Nessun annuncio, nessun tracciamento, nessuna raccolta di dati
    ja = •広告、追跡なし、データ収集なし
    ko = • 광고 없음, 추적 없음, 데이터 수집 없음
    nb = • Ingen annonser, ingen sporing, ingen datainnsamling
    nl = • Geen advertenties, geen tracking, geen gegevensverzameling

>     pl = • Brak reklam, bez śledzenia, bez gromadzenia danych

Reviewer: Bez reklam, bez śledzenia, bez gromadzenia danych

    pt = • Baixo consumo de bateria, sem atualização em segundo plano
    pt-BR = • Baixo consumo de bateria, sem atualização em segundo plano
    ro = • Fără reclame, fără urmărire, fără colectare de date
    ru = • Без рекламы, без трекинга, без слежки
    sk = • Žiadne reklamy, žiadne sledovanie, žiadny zber údajov
    sv = • Inga annonser, ingen spårning, ingen datainsamling
    sw = • Hakuna matangazo, hakuna ufuatiliaji, hakuna mkusanyiko wa data
    th = • ไม่มีโฆษณาไม่มีการติดตามไม่มีการรวบรวมข้อมูล
    tr = • Reklam yok, izleme yok, veri toplama yok
    uk = • Без реклами, без трекінгу, без стеження
    vi = • Không có quảng cáo, không theo dõi, không thu thập dữ liệu
    zh-Hans = •没有广告，没有跟踪，没有数据收集
    zh-Hant = •沒有廣告，沒有跟踪，沒有數據收集

  [about_proposition_2]
    tags = android
    comment = Text in About screen
    en = • No battery drain, no background data
    ar = • لا تصريف بطارية ، لا توجد بيانات خلفية

>     be = • Няма злівання акумулятара, ніякіх фонавых дадзеных

Reviewer 3: Перегенерируй, пожалуйста, те, которые вручную никто не правил. Мою версию выше не забудь.

    bg = • Без източване на батерията, без данни
    cs = • Žádné odtok baterie, žádná data na pozadí
    da = • Intet batteriafløb, ingen baggrundsdata
    de = • Kein Batterie -Abfluss, keine Hintergrunddaten
    el = • Χωρίς αποστράγγιση μπαταρίας, χωρίς δεδομένα φόντου
    es = • Sin drenaje de la batería, sin datos de fondo
    fa = • بدون تخلیه باتری ، بدون داده های پس زمینه
    fi = • Ei akun tyhjennystä, ei taustatietoja
    fr = • Pas de dédnuage de la batterie, pas de données de fond
    he = • אין ניקוז סוללה, אין נתוני רקע
    hu = • Nincs akkumulátor -lefolyás, nincs háttéradatok
    id = • Tidak ada pembuangan baterai, tidak ada data latar belakang
    it = • Nessun drenaggio della batteria, nessun dati di fondo
    ja = •バッテリーの排水、背景データはありません
    ko = • 배터리 배수, 배경 데이터가 없습니다
    nb = • Ingen batteriavløp, ingen bakgrunnsdata
    nl = • Geen batterijafvoer, geen achtergrondgegevens

>     pl = • Bez drenażu baterii, brak danych w tle

Reviewer: Bez rozładowywania baterii, bez pobierania w tle

    pt = • Baixo consumo de bateria, sem atualização em segundo plano
    pt-BR = • Baixo consumo de bateria, sem atualização em segundo plano
    ro = • Fără scurgere a bateriei, fără date de fundal
    ru = • Экономит батарею, без фоновых данных
    sk = • Žiadny vypustenie batérie, žiadne údaje o pozadí
    sv = • Ingen batterilapp, ingen bakgrundsdata
    sw = • Hakuna kukimbia kwa betri, hakuna data ya nyuma
    th = •ไม่มีการระบายแบตเตอรี่ไม่มีข้อมูลพื้นหลัง
    tr = • Pil tahliyesi yok, arka plan verisi yok

>     uk = • Немає стікання акумулятора, жодних фонових даних

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    uk = • Економить акумулятор, не використовує фонові дані
```

    vi = • Không thoát pin, không có dữ liệu nền
    zh-Hans = •没有电池耗尽，没有背景数据
    zh-Hant = •沒有電池耗盡，沒有背景數據

  [about_proposition_3]
    tags = android
    comment = Text in About screen
    en = • Fast, minimalistic, no junk
    ar = • سريع ، الحد الأدنى ، لا خردة

>     be = • Хуткі, мінімалістычны, без смецця

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    be = • Хуткія, мінімалістычныя, без смецця
```

    bg = • Бързи, минималистични, без боклуци
    cs = • Rychlý, minimalistický, žádný haraburdí
    da = • Hurtig, minimalistisk, intet skrammel
    de = • Schnell, minimalistisch, kein Müll
    el = • Γρήγορη, μινιμαλιστική, χωρίς σκουπίδια
    es = • Rápido, minimalista, sin basura
    fa = • سریع ، مینیمالیستی ، بدون آشغال
    fi = • Nopea, minimalistinen, ei roskaa
    fr = • Rapide, minimaliste, pas de déchets
    he = • מהיר, מינימליסטי, ללא זבל
    hu = • Gyors, minimalista, nincs szemét
    id = • Cepat, minimalis, tidak ada sampah
    it = • Veloce, minimalista, nessuna spazzatura
    ja = •速く、ミニマルな、ジャンクなし
    ko = • 빠르고 최소한의 정크가 없습니다
    nb = • Rask, minimalistisk, ingen søppel
    nl = • Snel, minimalistisch, geen junk

>     pl = • Szybki, minimalistyczny, bez śmieci

Reviewer: Szybka, minimalistyczna, bez śmieci

    pt = • Rápido, minimalista e sem recursos desnecessários
    pt-BR = • Rápido, minimalista e sem recursos desnecessários
    ro = • Rapid, minimalist, fără gunoi
    ru = • Быстрые, минималистичные, без мусора
    sk = • Rýchle, minimalistické, žiadne nevyžiadané
    sv = • Snabb, minimalistisk, inget skräp
    sw = • Haraka, minimalistic, hakuna taka
    th = •เร็วเรียบง่ายไม่มีขยะ
    tr = • Hızlı, minimalist, önemsiz

>     uk = • Швидкі, мінімалістичні, без сміття

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    uk = • Швидкий, мінімалістичний, без зайвого сміття
```

    fr = Application open source créée par des amateurs et des bénévoles.
    he = יישום קוד פתוח שנוצר על ידי חובבים ומתנדבים.
    hu = A rajongók és az önkéntesek által létrehozott nyílt forráskódú alkalmazás.
    id = Aplikasi open-source yang dibuat oleh penggemar dan sukarelawan.
    it = Applicazione open source creata da appassionati e volontari.
    ja = 愛好家とボランティアによって作成されたオープンソースアプリケーション。
    ko = 애호가와 자원 봉사자가 만든 오픈 소스 응용 프로그램.
    nb = Open source-applikasjon opprettet av entusiaster og frivillige.
    nl = Open-source applicatie gemaakt door enthousiastelingen en vrijwilligers.
    pl = Aplikacja typu open source stworzona przez entuzjastów i wolontariuszy.
    pt = Aplicativo de código aberto criado por entusiastas e voluntários.
    ro = Aplicație open-source creată de entuziaști și voluntari.
    ru = Приложение с открытым исходным кодом, созданное энтузиастами и волонтерами.
    sk = Aplikácia s otvoreným zdrojovým kódom vytvorené nadšencami a dobrovoľníkmi.
    sv = Open-källansökan skapad av entusiaster och frivilliga.
    sw = Maombi ya chanzo-wazi iliyoundwa na wanaovutia na wanaojitolea.
    th = แอปพลิเคชันโอเพนซอร์ซที่สร้างขึ้นโดยผู้ที่ชื่นชอบและอาสาสมัคร

>     tr = Meraklılar ve gönüllüler tarafından oluşturulan açık kaynaklı bir uygulamadır.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    tr = Teknoloji tutkunları ve gönüllüler tarafından oluşturulan açık kaynaklı bir uygulama.
```

    id = Tentang Organic Maps
    it = Informazioni su Organic Maps
    ja = Organic Mapsについて
    ko = Organic Maps 정보
    mr = Organic Maps बद्दल
    nb = Om Organic Maps
    nl = Over Organic Maps
    pl = O aplikacji Organic Maps
    pt = Sobre o Organic Maps
    pt-BR = Sobre o Organic Maps
    ro = Despre Organic Maps
    ru = Про Organic Maps
    sk = O aplikácii Organic Maps
    sv = Om Organic Maps
    th = เกี่ยวกับ Organic Maps
    tr = Organic Maps Hakkında
    uk = Про Organic Maps
    vi = Giới thiệu về Organic Maps
    zh-Hans = 关于 Organic Maps
    zh-Hant = 關於 Organic Maps

  [about_headline]
    tags = android
    comment = Text in About screen
    en = Free for everyone, made with love

>   [about_proposition_1]

Reviewer 5: de = Kostenlos für alle, mit Liebe gemacht.

>   [about_proposition_1]

Reviewer 6: nl = Gratis voor iedereen, met liefde gemaakt.

>   [about_proposition_1]

Reviewer 7: pt = Gratuito para todos, feito com amor
pt-BR = Gratuito para todos, feito com amor

    el = Δωρεάν για όλους, φτιαγμένο με αγάπη.
    es = Gratis para todos, hecho con amor.
    et = Tasuta kõigile, tehtud armastusega.
    eu = Denontzat doan, maitasunez egina.
    fa = .ﻖﺸﻋ ﺎﺑ ﻩﺪﺷ ﻪﺘﺧﺎﺳ ،ﻪﻤﻫ ﯼﺍﺮﺑ ﻥﺎﮕﯾﺍﺭ
    fi = Ilmainen kaikille, tehty rakkaudella.
    fr = Gratuit pour tout le monde, fait avec amour.
    he = .הבהאב יושע ,םלוכל םניח
    hu = Mindenki számára ingyenes, szeretettel készült.
    id = Gratis untuk semua orang, dibuat dengan cinta.
    it = Gratuito per tutti, fatto con amore.
    ja = 誰でも無料で、愛を込めて作られています。
    ko = 사랑으로 만든 모든 사람에게 무료입니다.
    mr = प्रत्येकासाठी विनामूल्य, प्रेमाने बनवलेले.
    nb = Gratis for alle, laget med kjærlighet.
    nl = Gratis voor iedereen, met liefde gemaakt.
    pl = Za darmo dla wszystkich, wykonane z miłością.
    pt = Gratuito para todos, feito com amor.
    pt-BR = Gratuito para todos, feito com amor.
    ro = Gratuit pentru toată lumea, făcut cu dragoste.
    ru = Бесплатно для всех, сделано с любовью.
    sk = Zadarmo pre každého, vyrobené s láskou.
    sv = Gratis för alla, gjord med kärlek.
    sw = Bure kwa kila mtu, iliyoundwa kwa upendo.
    th = ฟรีสำหรับทุกคน สร้างขึ้นด้วยความรัก

>     tr = Sevgiyle yapılmış, herkes için ücretsiz.

Reviewer 4: @rtsisyk can you please update the translation?

    zh-Hant = • 無廣告、無跟踪、無數據收集

  [about_proposition_2]
    tags = android
    comment = Text in About screen
    en = • No battery drain, no background data
    ar = ﺔﻳﺭﺎﻄﺒﻟﺍ ﻑﺰﻨﺘﺴﺗ ﻻ •
    be = • Не разраджае батарэю
    bg = • Не изтощава батерията
    ca = • No esgota la bateria
    cs = • Nevybíjí baterii
    da = • Dræner ikke batteriet
    de = • Entlädt die Batterie nicht
    el = • Δεν αδειάζει την μπαταρία
    es = • No agota la batería
    et = • Ei tühjenda akut
    eu = • Ez du bateria agortzen
    fa = • ﺪﻨﮐ ﯽﻤﻧ ﯽﻟﺎﺧ ﺍﺭ ﯼﺮﺗﺎﺑ
    fi = • Ei tyhjennä akkua
    fr = • Ne vide pas la batterie
    he = הללוסה תא ןקורמ אל •
    hu = • Nem meríti le az akkumulátort
    id = • Tidak menguras baterai
    it = • Non scarica la batteria
    ja = • バッテリーを消耗しない
    ko = • 배터리를 소모하지 않습니다
    mr = • बॅटरी काढून टाकत नाही
    nb = • Tapper ikke batteriet
    nl = • Trekt de batterij niet leeg
    pl = • Nie drenuje baterii
    pt = • Não descarrega a bateria
    pt-BR = • Não descarrega a bateria
    ro = • Nu consumă bateria
    ru = • Не разряжает батарею
    sk = • Nevybíja batériu
    sv = • Laddar inte ur batteriet
    sw = • Haimalizi betri
    th = • ไม่ทำให้แบตเตอรี่หมด

>     tr = • Pili boşaltmaz

Reviewer 4: @rtsisyk

    uk = • Не розряджає акумулятор
    vi = • Không làm hao pin
    zh-Hans = • 不会耗尽电池
    zh-Hant = • 不會耗盡電池

  [about_proposition_3]
    tags = android
    comment = Text in About screen

>     en = • Fast, minimalistic and not bloated

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    en = • Fast, minimalistic, and not bloated
```

Reviewer 3: This also doesn't translate well by automated translations as seen in the results. Not sure what would be a better input.

    ar = ﻂﻴﺴﺑﻭ ﻊﻳﺮﺳ •
    be = • Хуткі і мінімалістычны
    bg = • Бързо и минималистично
    ca = • Ràpid i minimalista
    cs = • Rychlé a minimalistické
    da = • Hurtig og minimalistisk
    de = • Schnell und minimalistisch
    el = • Γρήγορο και μινιμαλιστικό
    es = • Rápido y minimalista
    et = • Kiire ja minimalistlik
    eu = • Azkarra eta minimalista
    fa = ﯽﺘﺴﯿﻟﺎﻤﯿﻨﯿﻣ ﻭ ﻊﯾﺮﺳ •
    fi = • Nopea ja minimalistinen
    fr = • Rapide et minimaliste
    he = יטסילמינימו ריהמ•
    hu = • Gyors és minimalista
    id = • Cepat dan minimalis
    it = • Veloce e minimalista
    ja = • 高速でミニマリスト
    ko = • 빠르고 미니멀한
    mr = • जलद आणि किमानचौकटप्रबंधक
    nb = • Rask og minimalistisk
    nl = • Snel en minimalistisch
    pl = • Szybki i minimalistyczny
    pt = • Rápido e minimalista
    pt-BR = • Rápido e minimalista
    ro = • Rapid și minimalist
    ru = • Быстро и минималистично
    sk = • Rýchle a minimalistické
    sv = • Snabb och minimalistisk
    sw = • Haraka na minimalist
    th = • รวดเร็วและเรียบง่าย

>     tr = • Hızlı ve minimalist

Reviewer 4: @rtsisyk

    ja = オープンソース コミュニティの愛好家によって作成されました。
    ko = 오픈 소스 커뮤니티의 매니아들이 만든.
    mr = मुक्त-स्रोत समुदायातील उत्साही लोककां. तयार केलेले
    nb = Laget av entusiaster fra åpen kildekode-fellesskapet.
    nl = Gemaakt door enthousiastelingen uit de open-sourcecommunity.
    pl = Stworzony przez entuzjastów ze społeczności open source.
    pt = Criado por entusiastas da comunidade de código aberto.
    pt-BR = Criado por entusiastas da comunidade de código aberto.
    ro = Creat de entuziaști din comunitatea open-source.
    ru = Создано энтузиастами из сообщества open-source.
    sk = Vytvorené nadšencami z open-source komunity.
    sv = Skapad av entusiaster från öppen källkodsgemenskap.
    sw = Imeundwa na wakereketwa kutoka kwa jumuiya ya chanzo huria.
    th = สร้างโดยผู้ที่ชื่นชอบจากชุมชนโอเพ่นซอร์ส.
    tr = Açık kaynak topluluğunun meraklıları tarafından oluşturuldu.
    uk = Створено ентузіастами спільноти відкритих програм.
    vi = Được tạo bởi những người đam mê từ cộng đồng mã nguồn mở.
    zh-Hans = 由开源社区的爱好者创建.
    zh-Hant = 由開源社區的愛好者創建.

  [about_report_to_osm]
    tags = android
    comment = Text in About screen

>     en = Please fix all map issues at OpenStreetMap.org.

Reviewer 3: This line is not needed at all.

    ar = .OpenStreetMap.org ﻊﻗﻮﻣ ﻰﻠﻋ ﻂﺋﺍﺮﺨﻟﺍ ﺕﺎﻧﺎﻴﺑ ﺕﻼﻜﺸﻣ ﺢﻠﺻﺃ
    be = Вырашыце праблемы з дадзенымі карты на OpenStreetMap.org.
    bg = Коригирайте проблеми с картографските данни на OpenStreetMap.org.
    ca = Solucioneu problemes de dades de mapes a OpenStreetMap.org.
    cs = Opravte problémy s mapovými daty na OpenStreetMap.org.
    da = Løs problemer med kortdata på OpenStreetMap.org.
    de = Kartendatenprobleme auf OpenStreetMap.org beheben.
    el = Διορθώστε προβλήματα δεδομένων χάρτη στο OpenStreetMap.org.

>     es = Solucionar problemas de datos de mapas en OpenStreetMap.org.

Reviewer 8: This Spanish string can be improved as “Solucione problemas en los datos cartográficos en OpenStreetMap.org.”

  [how_to_support_us]
    comment = Button in the main Help dialog
    tags = android,ios
    en = Support the project
    ar = ﻉﻭﺮﺸﻤﻟﺍ ﻢﻋﺩ

>     be = Падтрымаць праект

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    be = Падтрымайце праект
```

    zh-Hant = 物件無法設置在這裡

  [osm_presentation]
    comment = Text in About and OSM Login screens. %@ is replaced by a local, human readable date.
    tags = android

>     en = Cartographic data from the OpenStreetMap as of %@.  It is like Wikipedia where you can add or edit places for all users over the world.

Reviewer 3: This version is still unclear. There is no clear connection between the first and the second sentences.

    pt-BR = Os dados do mapa são provenientes do OpenStreetMap do dia %@. O OSM é como a Wikipédia dos mapas, onde você pode adicionar ou editar lugares para todos os usuários do mundo.
    ro = Date cartografice de la OpenStreetMap din %@. Este ca Wikipedia unde puteți adăuga sau edita locuri pentru toți utilizatorii din lume.
    ru = Картографические данные из OpenStreetMap по состоянию на %@. Это как Википедия, где вы можете добавить или редактировать места для всех пользователей по всему миру.
    sk = Kartografické údaje z OpenStreetMap od %@. Je to ako Wikipedia, kde môžete pridať alebo upravovať miesta pre všetkých používateľov po celom svete.
    sv = Kartografiska data från OpenStreetMap från och med %@. Det är som Wikipedia där du kan lägga till eller redigera platser för alla användare över hela världen.
    sw = Takwimu za katuni kutoka kwa OpenStreetMap kama ya %@. Ni kama Wikipedia ambapo unaweza kuongeza au kuhariri maeneo kwa watumiaji wote ulimwenguni.
    th = ข้อมูลการทำแผนที่จาก OpenStreetMap ณ ปี %@มันเป็นเหมือนวิกิพีเดียที่คุณสามารถเพิ่มหรือแก้ไขสถานที่สำหรับผู้ใช้ทุกคนทั่วโลก

>     tr = %@ itibariyle OpenStreetMap'tan kartografik veriler. Dünyadaki tüm kullanıcılar için yerleri ekleyebileceğiniz veya düzenleyebileceğiniz Wikipedia gibidir.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    tr = Harita verileri %@ tarihine ait OpenStreetMap verilerdir. OpenStreetMap, Vikipedi'nin harita sürümü gibidir. Dünyadaki tüm kullanıcılar için yer ekleyebilir veya düzenleyebilirsiniz.
```

    pt-BR = Os dados do mapa são provenientes do OpenStreetMap do dia %@. O OSM é como a Wikipédia dos mapas, onde você pode adicionar ou editar lugares para todos os usuários do mundo.
    ro = Date cartografice de la OpenStreetMap din %@. Este ca Wikipedia unde puteți adăuga sau edita locuri pentru toți utilizatorii din lume.
    ru = Картографические данные из OpenStreetMap по состоянию на %@. Это как Википедия, где вы можете добавить или редактировать места для всех пользователей по всему миру.
    sk = Kartografické údaje z OpenStreetMap od %@. Je to ako Wikipedia, kde môžete pridať alebo upravovať miesta pre všetkých používateľov po celom svete.
    sv = Kartografiska data från OpenStreetMap från och med %@. Det är som Wikipedia där du kan lägga till eller redigera platser för alla användare över hela världen.
    sw = Takwimu za katuni kutoka kwa OpenStreetMap kama ya %@. Ni kama Wikipedia ambapo unaweza kuongeza au kuhariri maeneo kwa watumiaji wote ulimwenguni.
    th = ข้อมูลการทำแผนที่จาก OpenStreetMap ณ ปี %@มันเป็นเหมือนวิกิพีเดียที่คุณสามารถเพิ่มหรือแก้ไขสถานที่สำหรับผู้ใช้ทุกคนทั่วโลก

>     tr = Harita verileri, %@ tarihine ait OpenStreetMap verilerinden alınmıştır. OpenStreetMap, Vikipedi'nin harita sürümü gibidir: dünyadaki herkes yer ekleyebilir veya düzenleyebilir.

Reviewer 4: ```
   tr = Harita verileri, %@ tarihine ait OpenStreetMap verilerinden alınmıştır. OpenStreetMap, Vikipedi'nin harita sürümü gibidir: dünyadaki tüm kullanıcılar için yer ekleyebilir veya düzenleyebilirsiniz.
```

Reviewer 4: This is the exact translation. But current is also OK.

    zh-Hant = 物件無法設置在這裡

>   [osm_presentation]

Reviewer 3: Isn't this string used in another place?

    comment = Text in About and OSM Login screens. %@ is replaced by a local, human readable date.
    tags = android

>     en = Map data is from the OpenStreetMap as of %@. It is like Wikipedia for maps where you can add or edit places for all users over the world.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    en = All map data is downloaded from the OpenStreetMap.org project on %@. It is like Wikipedia for maps where you can add or edit places for all users over the world.
```
